# Front-end guild meeting 20-01-2021

## Meeting with: 
* Alex
* Almer
* Mark
* Michael
* Bjorn

## Discussed: 
* Invitation for other/new members
* Slack organization

## To discuss next time:
* Sending out the invitation requirement for this is the mailing list within Ordina
* Create Slackbot messages/reminders to activate people
* Should we translate invitation to English?
* How do we want to actively involve and send information to interested parties? Snackbytes? Newsflashes? Newsletters? What others ways can we think off?
* How do we prevent an explosion of slack channels? Discuss how to keep them relevant

## Actions for next time:
* Github organization/management/setup
* Welcome message on Slack? (Bot?)