Aanwezig:

- Alex
- Mark
- Michael
- Bjorn

## Discussed

- Drive in, what's the goal? Partially to get some attention for Ordina as well. Good traction on FE, need more on the BE.
  -  Cindy is looking for someone from the ESA to maybe speak (considering the Space theme).
  -  Roy Derks may or may not be a good fit for this. Maybe ask him for a different meetup?

- For the upcoming themes, see what talk links with Roy Derks; probably aiming at October and see if we can link it more to React.
  - TypeScript theme, maybe a blogpost / "State of Typescript" kind of update regarding the most recent releases. New release expected end of August (24th?)
  - TypeScript 101 basic overview talk? Based on the TypeScript trainings we have laying around.
  - We're currently thinking of doing these ourselves, we should keep looking around so we're not carrying it ourselves.

- Talked about the different frontend profiles, set up a start.

## Actions
- Concrete planning for TypeScript theme months, approach people/ask for volunteers, people to write blogs/articles or give talks/workshops.
- Action for @all: Look around in network for TypeScript experts, people that could write or talk about Typescript for our theme months.

- Discuss potential competitive "week" or few weeks for CodeChallenges channel (which is picking up steam!)
- We've done setup the frontend profiles, maybe continue on that?
