Meeting with:
- Alex
- Almer
- Mark
- Michael
- Vincent
- Bjorn

# Discussed
- Content calendar, internally for 6 months to a year. But we can announce it per 3 months (example) to the community, so we can play into new hypes and adjust when availability changes.
- Use the Github issue/pages to discuss about the content calendar for now, so we have it centralized.
- Looking for a Connect page/newsletter entry so we can make our Slack and Github pages more easily findable for others/new members!
- Different types of content per theme, see the Github Issue (#1)

# For next meeting
- Discuss Poll results for content calendar.
- Connect community (Janine will join us for this)
- Plan and announce first "SnackBite", relate it to the PWA / Mobile opening theme.

# Actions
- Alex has asked about Connect community page, invite Janine for the next meeting to discuss this. 
- Poll for interesting content for the content calendar has been sent during the meeting.