Meeting with: 
- Almer
- Mark
- Michael
- Bjorn
- Menno

Discussed: 
- Intro text from the Slack bot seems fine
- Mailinglist is limited to ~70 people; we'll use this for the initial "push" and invitation to draw attention and gather in people. We will see if we can focus communication on the Slack primarily, but we can always reuse the mailinglist later on if we want.
- Start inviting some of our "active" colleagues first to the Slack directly now. Mailinglist soon (next meeting!), we could always get an article on Connect to refresh attention.
- JSRoots might want to have a dedicated channel, as they currently have no private slack. No issues in regards from Guild; welcome if you want to try it!

To discuss next time:
- Sending the invite mail!
- Front-end Guild as owner of the Frontend days? Can we use the guild slack to gather more information about what needs and wants there are within the Accelerator program? Can the Front-end Guild take an active role in advising and organizing these Frontend days? Hopefully most of the Accelerator program attendees are Slack members by then, so we can involve them if we

Actions to completed for next meeting:
- Is there a mail template available? Communication? (Almer)
- Translate the invite email to English (Menno)
- Already invite some members from JSRoots to get a start; they will try the Front-end guild slack as their primary slack for now. (Menno).
- Per person invite some of our colleagues that we know are interested to get a good first impression. (All)
- Meetup.com integration for Slack #events-meetups? (Bjorn)