Meeting with:
- Almer
- Vincent
- Menno
- Alex
- Michael
- Peter

# Discussed
- Quiz 
  - Looks like its pickup nice, a couple of participants but nice movement.
- Theme's
  - How are we doing content wise? We need to start reaching out to people for react and typescript.
- Communication
  - How do we communicate all talks / meetups with all members of the guild.
  - Can we add a signup / join link in the communication and communicate the upcomming events in slack and the maillist?

# Next meeting

# Actions
- Share the theme sheet so we can all add names for content / talks and keep a status of the content flow. (Peter)
- Update the maillist with all slack members (Menno)
- Send out invite for the next event. (Menno)
