Aanwezig:

- Cindy Davids
- Alex
- Almer
- Michael
- Peter
- Bjorn

## Discussed

- 15m to fill a newsletter:
  - CodeChallenge spotlight (Wim's cool 3D solution)
  - Newsflashes (version releases?)
  - Events related to Frontend (Frontmania/Ordina Drive In)  
  - Ordina specific subjects, if they have a link with Frontend.
  - Upcoming theme months/periods (if we have concrete events already, mention them!)
  - #cfp channel, upcoming CFP's?

- Theme for august/september: TypeScript. (decided, Aart already has already volunteered for late August/September)
  - Concrete planning to be made next meeting. Events, blogs/articles, speakers, workshops?

- Theme for September/October: React.
  - Think about a concrete planning, who can ask/invite and approach.



## Actions
- Peter/Cindy hebben contact met Roy Derks, vraag is of die een lijst van huidige talks kan leveren; volgende keer kijken welke talks het beste passen bij welk evenement.
- Concrete planning for TypeScript theme months, approach people/ask for volunteers, people to write blogs/articles or give talks/workshops.
- Action for @all: Look around in network for TypeScript experts, people that could write or talk about Typescript for our theme months.

- Next time: Discuss different Frontend Profiles (UX/UI/Engineer etc.?) Can we define a basic setup for these profiles?
- Discuss potential competitive "week" or few weeks for CodeChallenges channel (which is picking up steam!)
