Meeting with: 
- Alex
- Mark
- Michael
- Menno
- Bjorn

Discussed: 
- Email sending; we have identified where we want to send these. We have assigned who will take care of which one, and we'll send them starting now and hopefully have them all send within a week. If there are any issues, let us know on Slack.
- Frontend days/accelerator & the guild
  - Trainings within these

To discuss next time:
- Results of the invite emails/newsletter
- Combining all the frontend related meetup groups we have on meetup.com?
  - Does location matter here? Or can we find a more common group here as well?
  - Open R&D days, open to public; meet new people, hack on cool things for a day with lunch? Once a quarter?

Actions to completed for next meeting:
- Send the invite email (NL/EN) (Menno)
- Try to get our invite in the separate newsletters:
  - OSD (Alex)
  - Noord (Mark)
  - MTech (Edwin?)
- Frontend days meet with Ingrid (Alex)
- Bjorn sets up Training & Workshop page within GH Wiki