Meeting with:
- Almer
- Vincent
- Menno
- Alex
- Michael
- Peter

# Discussed
- Channnels for Content month
  - Idea is to create 1 theme channel that wil be kept so people do not need to opt-in to a new channel each month.
- Quiz list
  - Can we start with posting the first quiz?
- First content Month PWA
  - Can we repost the first talk to promote the second.
- How is the Guild growing and how do we like the interaction
  - Mostly positive reactions, interaction is beginning to take shape.
- Get the guild involved with the first theme month, first we start by creating a open question who has experience with PWA and wants to share / help. When the response is slow we wil look outside.

# Next meeting
- How do we organise meetings via meetup and do we use teams, youtube enz?
- Check te response of the question for PWA content. Check if is we need to reach outside.

# Actions
- Align quiz content with Mark to determine the first quiz to post and align in the organisation channel (Almer)
- Align date for the first PWA talk suggestion now is 3 June start at 16:30 and 25e of June. (Peter)
- Get the guild involved with the first content month, Menno wil create a post with the question.
