Aanwezig:
 - Cindy Davids
 - Alex
 - Mark
 - Michael
 - Menno
 - Peter
 - Bjorn

# Discussed
- CodeChallenges going well, keep posting ideas for next weeks in #organisation when you find one.
- Events are going live again! (Cindy)
  - FrontMania in October, are we participating? Yes; we opened CFP channel and are going to gather people with interesting topics to submit.
  - Ordina Drive In in September, same thing!

- Meetups coming up: Pythoneers thursday, friday with Peter.
- Theme for august/september: TypeScript (internal, Martin van Dam (Codestar), others?)
- Theme for september/october/november?: React, Roy Derks perhaps? (via Peter).

- Communication: Let's start a monthly newsletter.

# Actions
- Next meeting; let's take 15m to fill a newsletter.
- Theme for august/september; events? blogs/articles? Let's get a concrete planning going.
